[DOC] JSON command edits (#846)
RedisJSON/RedisJSON: docs/commands/json.arrlen.md

Report the length of the JSON array at `path` in `key`

[Examples](#examples)

## Required arguments

<details open><summary><code>key</code></summary> 

is key to parse.
</details>

## Optional arguments

<details open><summary><code>path</code></summary> 

is JSONPath to specify. Default is root `$`, if not provided. Returns null if the `key` or `path` do not exist.
</details>

## Return

> JSON.ARRLEN returns by recursive descent an array of integer replies for each path, the array's length, or `nil`, if the matching JSON value is not an array.

Reviewer: Not necessarily recursive descent. Seems rephrasing is needed, such as:
```suggestion
`JSON.ARRLEN` returns an [array](/docs/reference/protocol-spec/#resp-arrays) of integer replies, an integer for each matching value, each is the array's length, or `nil`, if the matching value is not an array.
```
